Improve Node.js 3.x documentation and add NestJS (#803)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/posts/nodejs/3.x/index.mdx

OpenTelemetry consists of multiple components: tracing, metrics, and logs. These components are still a work in progress in most programming languages, with tracing for many languages being the most stable component. We support OpenTelemetry's tracing component in our Node.js integration to provide better error reporting and performance measurements.

**[Learn more about OpenTelemetry via the project's official website.](https://opentelemetry.io/)**

## Supported Libraries

Our integration supports the following libraries and frameworks:

- [Express](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/express.html)
- [GraphQL](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/graphql.html) (such as Apollo Server or Yoga)
- [Koa.js](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/koajs.html)
- [NestJS](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/nestjs.html)
- [Next.js](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/nextjs.html)
- [MySQL](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/mysql.html) (`mysql` and `mysql2` packages)
- [PostgreSQL](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/pg.html)

> - [Redis](/nodejs/3.x/integrations/redis.html) (`redis` and `ioredis` packages)

Reviewer: I think Prisma is missing here

> See the page for each integration for additional instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional integration instructions can be found in the relevant integration documentation, linked above. 
```
Or we can remove this line all together
